Update README.md (#14)
giordano/PolynomialRoots.jl: README.md

You may need to update your package list with `Pkg.update()` in order to get the
latest version of `PolynomialRoots.jl`.

> Older versions are available also for Julia 0.5 and 0.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older versions are available also for Julia 0.4-0.6.
```
